[CUMULUS-2233] Fix s3credentials endpoint (#1978)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

- **CUMULUS-2232**
  - Updated versions for `ajv`, `lodash`, `googleapis`, `archiver`, and `@cumulus/aws-client` to remediate vulnerabilities found in SNYK scan.

### Fixed
- **CUMULUS-2233**

>   - Fixes /s3credentials bug where user ends up in redirect loop because the expirationTime on the access token generated by EarthdataLoginClient is in seconds and Date time expects milliseconds. Fixed by converting seconds into milliseconds. Unit tests were added to test that the expiration time has been converted to milliseconds.

Reviewer: I think we need to clarify that the real "bug" here from a user perspective was that we were setting an expired cookie, so authentication was never being recognized as complete by the API. The information about seconds/milliseconds is the underlying cause of that bug, which is fine to leave as long as we clarify the actual bug being fixed.

Also, I think what our unit tests **should** be proving is that the cookie is not expired if a non-expired access token response is received, assuming they don't already prove that

>   - Fixes /s3credentials bug where the expiration time on the cookie was set to a time that is always expired, so authentication was never being recognized as complete by the API. Consequently, the user would end up in a redirect loop because the expirationTime on the access token generated by EarthdataLoginClient is in seconds and Date time expects milliseconds. This bug has been fixed by converting seconds into milliseconds. Unit tests were added to test that the expiration time has been converted to milliseconds and checking that the cookie's expiration time is greater than the current time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fixes /s3credentials bug where the expiration time on the cookie was set to a time that is always expired, so authentication was never being recognized as complete by the API. Consequently, the user would end up in a redirect loop and requests to /s3credentials would never complete successfully. The bug was caused by the fact that the code setting the expiration time for the cookie was expecting a time value in milliseconds, but was receiving the expirationTime from the EarthdataLoginClient in seconds. This bug has been fixed by converting seconds into milliseconds. Unit tests were added to test that the expiration time has been converted to milliseconds and checking that the cookie's expiration time is greater than the current time.
```

A bit of a nit, but I felt like the explanation of the redirect loop and the underlying code issues merited some separation. Feel free to take or leave it

Author: I think that's a fair revision. I've committed it.
